acl:
acpica-tools:
acpidump:
aha:
alsa-utils:
apache2:
apt-file:
at:
attr:
autoconf:
autoconf-archive:
automake: c-basic
autopoint:
autotools-dev:
bc:
bind9:
binutils: c-basic
binutils-dev: c-basic
binutils/stable:
bison: c-basic
blktrace:
boxes:
bridge-utils:
bsdtar: os-core-update
btrfs-progs:
btrfs-tools:
build-essential: c-basic
bzip2: os-core-update
ca-certificates: dev-utils-dev
cgroup-bin:
cifs-utils:
clang:
clang-3.9:
clang-3.9-dev:
clang-7:
cmake:
cpio:
cpp:
cpp-6:
cpuid:
crda:
cron:
curl:
daemon:
daemontools:
dbench:
debhelper:
debootstrap:
dh-autoreconf:
dh-strip-nondeterminism:
dmidecode:
dnsutils:
docbook-xml:
docbook-xsl:
dos2unix:
dosfstools:
doxygen:
dpkg-dev:
dump:
e2fslibs-dev:
e2fsprogs:
ebtables:
elfutils:
ethtool:
expect:
f2fs-tools:
fakeroot:
file:
fio:
flex:
flex: c-basic
fontconfig:
fontconfig-config:
fonts-dejavu-core:
freeglut3:
freeipmi-bmc-watchdog:
freeipmi-tools:
fsmark:
ftp:
fuse:
g++-6:
g++:
ganglia-monitor:
gawk:
gawk: os-core
gcc-6:
gcc-6-multilib:
gcc: c-basic
gcc-multilib:
gdb:
gengetopt:
genisoimage:
gettext:
gettext-base:
gfortran:
git:
glibc-doc:
gnu-efi:
gnupg:
gperf:
graphviz:
grml-debootstrap:
groff-base:
gzip:
hdparm:
heirloom-mailx:
help2man:
hpcc:
hwinfo:
i2c-tools:
iasl:
indent:
info2man:
initramfs-tools:
initramfs-tools-core:i386:
inotify-tools:
intltool-debian:
inxi:
iperf:
iperf3:
ipmitool:
iproute2:
iw:
jfsutils:
jq:
kexec-tools:
klibc-utils:
klibc-utils:i386:
kmod:
kmod: os-core
less:
lftp:
libacl1-dev:
libaio1:
libaio-dev:
libann0:
libapache2-mpm-itk:
libarchive-dev:
libarchive-zip-perl:
libasan2:
libasan3:
libasound2:
libasound2-data:
libasound2-dev:
libatomic1:
libattr1-dev:
libaudit-dev: dev-utils-dev
libaudit: dev-utils-dev
libblas3:
libblkid-dev:
libboost-filesystem-dev:
libc6:
libc6-dbg:
libc6-dev: dev-utils-dev
libc6-dev:i386: dev-utils-dev
libc6-dev-i386/unstable:
libc6-dev/unstable:
libc6-dev-x32/unstable:
libc6-i386:
libc6/unstable:
libcairo2:
libcairo2-dev:
libcap2:
libcap2-bin:
libcap-dev:
libcap-ng-dev:
libc-bin:
libc-bin/unstable:
libcc1-0:
libc-dev-bin:
libcdt5:
libcgraph6:
libcilkrts5:
libcilkrts5/unstable:
libc-l10n:
libclang1-3.9:
libclang-dev:
libconfig-dev:
libcroco3:
libdatrie1:
libdbd-mysql-perl:
libdbi-perl:
libdbus-1-dev:
libdpkg-perl:
libdrm-dev:
libdrm-dev/unstable:
libdw-dev: dev-utils-dev
libedit-dev:
libegl1-mesa-dev:
libelf1:
libelf-dev:
libevent-2.0-5:
libevent-2.1-6:
libevent-dev:
libfabric1:
libfabric-dev:
libfdt1:
libfdt-dev:
libffi-dev:
libfftw3-bin:
libfftw3-dev:
libfftw3-double3:
libfftw3-long3:
libfftw3-quad3:
libfftw3-single3:
libfile-stripnondeterminism-perl:
libfontconfig1:
libfreetype6:
libfuse-dev:
libgbm-dev:
libgcc-6-dev:
libgcc-7-dev/unstable:
libgd3:
libgdbm3:
libgdbm-dev:
libgl1-mesa-dev:
libgles2-mesa:
libglib2.0-0:
libglib2.0-dev:
libglu-dev:
libgmp-dev:
libgomp1:
libgpm2:
libgpm-dev:
libgraphite2-3:
libgts-0.7-5:
libgvc6:
libgvpr2:
libharfbuzz0b:
libhugetlbfs:
libhugetlbfs-bin:
libhugetlbfs-dev:
libhwloc-dev:
libiberty-dev: dev-utils-dev
libibverbs1:
libibverbs-dev:
libice6:
libicu57:
libipa-hbac0:
libisl15:
libitm1:
libjbig0:
libjpeg62-turbo:
libjpeg-dev:
libjson-c-dev:
libklibc-dev: dev-utils-dev
libkmod2:
libkmod-dev:
libldb1:
libllvm3.9:
liblsan0:
liblsan0/unstable:
libltdl7:
liblzma-dev: dev-utils-dev
libmagic1:
libmagic-mgc:
libmariadbclient-dev:
libmount-dev:
libmpc3:
libmpx2:
libmpx2/unstable:
libncurses5-dev:
libncursesw5-dev:
libnl-3-dev:
libnl-genl-3-dev:
libnl-route-3-dev:
libnpth0:
libnpth0-dev:
libnss-sss:
libnuma1:
libnuma-dev: dev-utils-dev
libobjc-7-dev/unstable:
liboop4:
liboop-dev:
libopencryptoki0:
libopenmpi2:
libopenmpi-dev:
libpango-1.0-0:
libpangocairo-1.0-0:
libpangoft2-1.0-0:
libpathplan4:
libpcap0.8-dev:
libpcap-dev:
libpci3:
libpciaccess-dev:
libpci-dev:
libperl5.24:
libperl5.26:
libpipeline1:
libpixman-1-0:
libpixman-1-dev:
libpng16-16:
libpng-dev:
libpopt0:
libpopt-dev:
libprocps-dev:
libprotobuf-dev:
libquadmath0:
libquadmath0/unstable:
librdmacm1:
librdmacm-dev:
libreadline5:
libreadline-dev:
libsamplerate0:
libsamplerate0-dev:
libsctp1:
libsctp-dev:
libsdl1.2debian:
libselinux1:
libsm6:
libsmbclient:
libsqlite3-dev:
libssl1.0.0:
libssl1.0-dev:
libssl1.1:
libssl-dev:
libsss-idmap0:
libsss-simpleifp0:
libstdc++-6-dev:
libstdc++6/unstable:
libstdc++-7-dev/unstable:
libthai0:
libthai-data:
libtiff5:
libtimedate-perl:
libtinfo-dev:
libtirpc1:
libtirpc-dev:
libtool:
libtool-bin:
libtool: dev-utils-dev
libtsan0:
libtsan0/unstable:
libubsan0:
libubsan0/unstable:
libudev1:
libudev-dev:
libunistring0:
libunwind8:
libunwind-dev: dev-utils-dev
libuuid1:
libuv1-dev:
libwaffle-dev:
libwbclient0:
libwebp6:
libx11-6:
libx11-data:
libx11-dev:
libx11-xcb-dev:
libxau6:
libxaw7:
libxcb1:
libxcb-render0:
libxcb-shm0:
libxdmcp6:
libxdot4:
libxext6:
libxkbcommon-dev:
libxml2:
libxml2-dev:
libxml2-utils:
libxmu6:
libxpm4:
libxrender1:
libxslt1.1:
libxt6:
libzmq3-dev:
libzmq5:
linux-base:
linux-libc-dev: dev-utils-dev
linux-libc-dev:i386: dev-utils-dev
linux-libc-dev/unstable:
linux-perf: performance-tools
lksctp-tools:
llvm-3.9:
llvm-3.9-dev:
llvm-7:
llvm-dev:
locales:
lockfile-progs:
lsof:
lsscsi:
lvm2:
lxc:
m4:
make: c-basic
man:
man-db:
manpages-dev:
mcelog:
mdadm:
memcached:
minicom:
moreutils:
msr-tools:
mutt:
mysql-server:
nasm:
nbd-client:
nbd-server:
ncurses-bin:
netcat-openbsd:
netpipe-lam:
netpipe-mpich2:
netpipe-openmpi:
netpipe-pvm:
netpipe-tcp:
net-tools:
nfs-common:
nfs-kernel-server:
nilfs-tools:
nscd:
ntpdate:
numactl:
nvme-cli:
ocfs2-tools:
ocfs2-tools-dev:
openbsd-inetd:
opencryptoki:
openmpi-bin:
openssl:
pandoc:
parallel:
parted:
patch:
pbzip2:
pciutils:
perl:
perl-base:
perl-modules-5.24:
perl-modules-5.26:
php-cli:
php-xml:
pigz:
pixz:
pkg-config:
plzip:
po-debconf:
postfix:
postgresql:
postgresql-contrib:
postmark:
protobuf-compiler:
psmisc:
pulseaudio:
pxz:
python:
python3:
python3-colorama:
python3-mako:
python3-markupsafe:
python3-numpy:
python3-six:
python-crypto:
python-csvkit:
python-dbus:
python-dev:
python-gobject:
python-minimal:
python-netifaces:
python-numpy:
python-openssl:
python-pip:
python-pkg-resources:
python-pyrad:
python: python3-basic
python-setuptools:
python-simplejson:
python-six:
python-sss:
python-wheel:
qemu:
qemu-system-x86:
qemu-utils:
quota:
reiserfsprogs:
rpcbind:
rstatd:
rsync: dev-utils
rsyslog:
rt-tests: performance-tools
ruby2.3-dev:
ruby-bunny:
ruby-colorize:
ruby-dev: ruby-basic
ruby-facets:
ruby-git:
ruby-gnuplot:
ruby-mail:
ruby: ruby-basic
ruby-serialport:
ruby-sinatra:
ruby-term-ansicolor:
ruby-text-table:
runit:
rusers:
rusersd:
samba-libs:
scons:
screen:
sed:
sg3-utils:
sgml-base:
sgml-data:
siege:
socat:
ssh:
sssd:
sssd-ad:
sssd-ad-common:
sssd-common:
sssd-dbus:
sssd-ipa:
sssd-krb5:
sssd-krb5-common:
sssd-ldap:
sssd-proxy:
sssd-tools:
strace:
stress-ng:
sudo:
sysbench:
sysstat: performance-tools
systemd:
systemtap-sdt-dev:
tcl:
tcpdump:
texinfo:
thin-provisioning-tools:
time:
time: os-core
tk:
tpm-tools:
trousers:
tshark:
udev:
udhcpc:
unzip:
update-inetd:
usbutils:
uuid-dev:
uuid-runtime:
vim:
virt-what:
vsftpd:
watchdog:
wget: network-basic
winpdb:
wireless-regdb:
wireshark-common:
wpasupplicant:
x11-common:
xfsdump:
xfsprogs:
xinit:
xml-core:
xmlto:
xorg:
xsltproc:
xutils-dev:
zlib1g:
zlib1g-dev: dev-utils-dev
zsh:
